337 - North of Falador, right near the statue
338 - Chaos Altar West of the Khazard Battlefield (south west of Ardougne), dig right behind the altar
339 - Just to the South of the Legends Guild entrance, to the North-east of Ardougne
340 - Miscellania, just to the East of the entrance to the Castle grounds. You must have completed the Fremennik Trials Quest to take the boat to Miscellania.
341 - On the road to Mort'ton, South-west of the fishing spots and North of the Haunted Mine. You must have started the Nature Spirit Quest to enter Mort Myre Swamp to walk to Mort'ton.
342 - Chaos Altar West of the Khazard Battlefield (south west of Ardougne), dig right behind the altar
343 - Island with the Lighthouse, to the South-west of Rellekka. Take the second path that heads South
344 - On the Eastern side of the path that leads from Sinclair Mansion to the Fremennik Province (Rellekka)
346 - West side of Champions Guild, South of the mining area. Two paces to the EAST of the tree
347 - Varrock East Mine, halfway between the North-east edge of the mine and the wall to the North
348 - Draynor Village
349 - Just to the East of the Ranging Guild
350 - Lumberyard, North-east of Varrock. You must have started the Gertrude's Cat Quest to enter the lumberyard
351 - Between Falador and Barbarian Village, to the South of the path
352 - Hobgoblin area, on the island peninsula West of the Crafting Guild
353 - Behind the Anvil House in Yanille
354 - Sir Galahad's house, West of Mcgrubor's Wood
355 - McGrubor's Wood, to the West of Seers Village
357 - West Ardougne, West side. North-east house in the group of 12 houses in the middle near the Underground Pass entrance. You must have started the Plague City Quest to enter West Ardougne.
358 - Goblin village near the Observatory
359 - Inside the Dark Warriors' Fortress in the wilderness, South-west corner of the interior open-air square
360 - West of the Necromancer's Tower, just to the North of the Tower of Life
361 - Clocktower, South of the Ardougne Castle	
362 - Building in West Rimmington

Dance a raspberry in the Fishing Guild bank. Beware of double agents! Equip an elemental shield, blue dragonhide chaps, and rune warhammer.	
Bow or curtsy in the ticket office of the Duel Arena. Equip an iron chain body, leather chaps and a coif.
Cheer at the Druid's Circle. Equip an air tiara, bronze two-handed sword, and gold amulet	
Cheer in the Barbarian Agility Arena. Equip a steel plate body, maple shortbow, and bronze boots.	
Cheer for the monks at Port Sarim. Equip a coif, steel plateskirt, and a sapphire necklace.	
Clap on the causeway to the Wizard's Tower. Equip an iron medium helmet, an emerald ring, and leather gloves.	
Dance a jig by the entrance to the fishing guild. Equip an emerald ring, a sapphire amulet, and a bronze chain body.	
Dance at the crossroads north of Draynor. Equip an iron chain body, a sapphire ring, and a shieldbow.	
Dance in the Party Room. Equip a steel full helmet, steel platebody and an iron plateskirt.	
Dance in the shack in Lumbridge Swamp. Equip a bronze dagger, iron full helmet, and a gold ring.	
Headbang in the mine north of Al Kharid. Equip a polar camo top, leather gloves, and leather boots.	
Jump for joy at the beehives. Equip iron boots, an unholy symbol, and a steel hatchet.	
Jump for joy in Yanille bank. Dance a jig before you talk to me. Equip a iron crossbow, adamant medium helmet, and snakeskin chaps.	
Salute in the banana plantation. Beware of double agents! Equip a diamond ring, amulet of power, and nothing on your chest and legs.
Shrug in the Zamorak Temple found in the Eastern Wilderness. Beware of double agents! Equip bronze platelegs, an iron plate body, and blue dragonhide vambraces.	
Shrug in the Rogue's Castle found deep in the North Eastern Wilderness. Beware of double agents! Equip rune platelegs, 
Yawn in the rogues' general store. Beware of double agents! Equip an iron square shield, blue dragon vambraces and an iron pickaxe.	
